you know what's awesome is our boy over
here is filming the BTS so you can see
that's not scripted these shots you guys
are getting are sick send the
train guy super tense he doesn't even
realize it but he also has $100,000 in
the trol they like ooh I can win a Lambo
right now but I get rid of my death spr
this is the trolley problem this is the
best episode for you to be out the most
messed up on for sure he scar to compete
against a woman nobody's going to
respect what you did here nobody I would
not want to be in their position right
now how safe do you feel we're running a
train into a car with explosives
you worry about if someone can wins
something they have no reaction I'll
facilitate by having Carl to give a
reaction everybody back there duck down
SE is going
hot now or never you're never going to
get this much data make content with
this big of a budget we got a Target on
us now how much prep has gone into this
moment month what's the Worst That Could
Happen trains don't stop right bro I
could have write that if I wanted
to real quick we'll get right back to
the video but first I'm excited to give
away Mye free YouTube growth hack pack
which includes my best templates tools
and tips to grow on YouTube basically is
everything I learned after working
inside YouTube for 5 years I'm just
giving away all of this for free my hack
back includes my 100 viral video ideas
guide book which breaks down different
formats and how to find the best ideas
for any Niche my 10 intro templates so
you can literally fill in the blanks to
know how to hook people in the opening
lines of your video and my confidence on
camera masterclass which is a full
course on how to speak better on camera
so check out the link in the description
below yhack pack.com or click on the QR
code to get it all for
free come on over some of them already
recognize you oh what's up guys congrats
congrats yeah good how's the games been
still here still standing say it like
Jimmy brutal I have noticed I say that a
lot but I don't know what iond got
brutal you guys want to show him for his
BTS video all right
getting off the plane in Panama I asked
one of the
locals 5 million and she says s Mees so
that's just been our rally and cry the
whole time we're here it's something
that just gets us all excited gets us
all going what 2
[Applause]
3 this guy turned down a million dollar
you
did what's the story
there these guys are Priceless man they
they selected me to represent the you
know the 60 people in the on my pink
team and honestly it's like I gave my
word she also turned down a million doll
you're really you guys you guys both
turned down $1 million oh yeah yeah yeah
they're standing up there boom boom boom
a million bucks if I had to eliminate 60
people none of you want a million
doar don't do it this is your last [__]
chance to take a million dollar please
three two is he taking it is he taking
it one oh my God you guys mean more to
me than that screen if I can't do it to
my friends and family man I got you guys
[Music]
man I don't have a lot of family and now
I feel like right here I got all I need
what I'm saying what do what do you
think your families don't think of that
um honestly i' I've worried about this
I'm like I've thought about it if I
leave here with nothing when my family
be like hey you had a chance for which
is life-changing money but I hope that I
would have raised my children and picked
a husband who would be like I'm proud of
you Beast friends forever right Beast
friends forever Beast friends forever
forever
forever sleepy SC well here's a little
sorry I'm about to tell about my Beast
game friends who I knew so well this all
started weeks ago with Mikey Vicky I'm
Deo you guys need to drop an album after
this shout out some of your occupations
I quit my job because come here qu your
job to come here I quit too unemployed
you quit your job to come here I'm an
airline agent I had to give away 30
shifts which is over like 6 s Grand I'm
supposed to be living with polar bears
right now I'm a polar bear guard part
time I got fired last Monday they said
if I'm not back by the 26 I'm the play
wow yeah how many of you guys want to be
YouTubers we I already have a channel
yes yeah I have a channel too we're
going to be on millions and millions of
television shows like people are going
to look at us like Milli there you go
it's crazy that we might be Idols to
someone we don't even know like that's
our situation if someone gets out early
and doesn't get screen time I don't want
to get trouble I think people are not
going to believe like oh you guys are
all friends like nobody's going to
respect what you did here nobody I love
love these guys like I've said it over
and over you were disingenuous like I
told them down there BFF right here
right help us do you know why' you pick
her I had no idea that you know there is
no love is there any love at all is
there any love
[Music]
Carl good to see you man how are you I'm
back for another one dude oh okay yeah
this is the best episode for you to be
at oh really yeah it's the most messed
up one for sure
why we're yeah these people are about to
be uh torn apart what can you explain
anything about the episode I've heard
heard trolley problem Lamborghinis
trains this is the first time that we're
going to make people like have to be a
billian that's what's exciting wow and
kind of Twisted
yeah I'll see you on set Yeah
Yeah by the end of this fun little game
by the end of this fun little game yeah
you literally just like you know we will
officially be in the top 10 players of
Beast games as you can see and we'll be
up there you have a lever here this
allows you to choose which track the
train will take red or yellow you now
have a choice to make you can choose to
not touch this lever and watch this
train bulldoze your new Lamborghini
bulldo or do you want to pull the lever
my name and flatten these three
contestants keeping your Lamborghini but
eliminating all of them yep do it B
Great Peak television as long as you
scream slowly it'll work will you say
that by heart Jimmy or you're reading
off uh well I have to I'll look remember
a line say it and then I'll get pissed
and then you the problem is I I know how
to say these things but if I just miss
like one word then Max screams at me
he's like this not perfect everyone yeah
he just misses one word and that's what
makes Max scream for people have never
heard the term trolley problem what is
that it's like would you kill a 100
random people on a track or five random
people on a track or somebody you
actually know it's it's facing life
off of numbers or relationships you're
like ooh I can win a Lambo right now but
I get rid of my best friend is it worth
it is it not and then we see the lambo
so there'll be a Lambo on this track
uhhuh and then there'll be a mannequin
that represents a friend or a person on
this track or three or two three you
know yeah and then what's going on up
here that's where they're watching you
have the actual lever there so the lever
so the train comes down and the trolley
problem is do you pull the lever and it
picks the track the train is oh I see
and they have how many seconds as that
train is barreling down to make that
decision one minute one minute yeah well
let's find out maybe maybe we'll change
it to 30 seconds seems more
fun all right Scott can I go Tyler can I
go all right I'm about to do it
everybody all right everyone remove your
bags welcome to the train of
elimination I'm still working on the
name hold for audio okay audio step in
please quite often throughout this
challenge you've heard me say the word
brutal you even make fun of me for
it
brutal but this game we are about to
play is going to redefine the word
brutal and by the end of this game we
will be down to the 10 remaining
contestants before we kick things off W
you guys to check out the train come
over here don't be too loud too
excited I don't want to touch it
I don't want to really go near it I
don't want to deal with that energy how
you
feeling feel good I what I said I'm not
going home it's not my time 5 million
it's mine kick this off I need you guys
to elect a captain that's all I'm going
to say everyone raise your hand for Kira
yes all right there you go Kira step on
forward hopefully hopefully you do not
regret choosing him to rep
you Jason you have a camera pointed at
us us here correct yeah okay cool Akira
I need you to pick your three least
favorite of those 20 people 952
62682 seemed like it's all black females
what did that tell you okay no weapon
formed against the sh Pro slim I think
what's really interesting is that
everyone's like one big happy me right
now but you saw that as we were talking
to them this is like you got to betray
somebody it's just part of the rules of
this game so these people have a
connection that you have to face so
whatever decision you make you got to
face our friends whatever you s you
shall reap it's an international
universal law whatever you do will be
done after you what do the 17 of you
think you should do people got to go
home it's inevitable they got people got
to go home the feeling on set is a bit
tense but I mean the Lamborghini is
about to get smashed by a Tren like I
would not want to be in their position
right now all the Kum Bay was in the van
about us being friends and this and that
you see what it
is right here we're not we not special
effects special effects so are you in
charge of the fireworks and power
Technics today that's great yeah so like
are you trying to maximize the amount so
my thought is this when that train hits
that car we're going to detonate two uh
devices that make a big orange black
white orange and black Fireball we feel
it come up out of the car engulf the
train a little bit once the car train
hits the car everything is moving away
from us so all of that danger is
traveling away from us we' got good safe
distances for everything it's a quick
sht nice Fireball that should look
pretty
good no is this out of the norm for what
you guys typically absolutely what's
your typical dayto day we're a municipal
fire department filming sets is not
really uh uh what we do on a day-to-day
but we were asked to help out and we're
here on a scale of 0 to 100 how 100
being the safest how safe do you feel
right now about what's going on on set I
give it a solid 95 95 anything that
could be done for that 5% obviously
blowing up cars is there's always a a
little bit of an inherent risk in
everything we do so um I think we've
taken the necessary steps can everything
be 100% safe at the end of the day we're
we're running a train into a car with
explosives so cars do what they want
explosives do what they want there's
always going to be that little variable
that we can't control thanks for your
service think you're in good hands thank
you guys thank you for your service
thank you really you so much take care
the mule how much prep has gone into
this moment right now months months
months absolutely what's the Worst That
Could Happen trains don't stop right so
it just figuring out safety
ramifications of the train could a train
get derailed today we put guard rails in
Prett so that it won't with speeds and
we did a l testing just want to get into
it effects is going hot effects is going
hot guys effects is going hot Joe uh
turning it over to you send the
train I didn't think I could win this 5
million but I'm here to help somebody
else win it the only way to do
that oh is to help get people
out you played a great game
be proud of
yourself be proud of the game that you
played you deserve better I can't hear
you I don't want to hear you we good be
scared to compete against a woman I
don't think there's Point Blank period
and you about to be next on the plane
with me a scaredy cat I know you're sad
but you just want a brand new
Lamborghini I did win a Lamborghini
that's pretty cool I've never seen
someone cry out of sadness over winning
Lamborghini I know it's probably not how
you want it to win it but this is your
brand new Lamborghini holy cow oh my God
this is all mine this is yours oh my God
can I get inside of
it I'll replace the keys um yes here you
go what do you think of it I mean it's
not my favorite color but it is really
nice oh my God this is ironic and purely
coincident they picked Aira on their own
but he in one of my old YouTube videos
actually lost the Lamborghini yeah so
all these years later him winning one
it's kind of
funny what's crazy is they just had
their first Challenge and he chose to
keep the Lamborghini which means that
all the fireworks of pyrotechnics they
had in there like all the money they
spent on having an explosion of that car
it's not happening maybe on like reality
TV they would like make this stuff like
let me let me talk how how do you feel
because right now we had somebody do
their challenge keep the lambo yes and
not explo but but you guys spent what
hundreds thousands of dollars rigging
this up with explosives for an epic shot
that didn't happen I'm pretty
disappointed I mean we've been talking
about it for the longest time and it
would have been my first opportunity to
take a big heavy steel train and drive
it into $280,000 something or other but
contestant determined to uh take the car
keep the car elim not smashing the car
so he turned his back on his fellow
contestants I guess is that how it goes
I I guess that shows more
animosity but this sacrifices the shot
yes I mean it's a lot of hype and
unfortunately it's not going to go today
but we may have some future surprises
stick around we'll have some surprises
it's a train hitting a Tesla should be
fun were there any other things like
that where it's like you guys like that
explosion would have been sick but it
didn't happen was there anything else
here like oh it would have been awesome
this but it was I can't think of
anything off the top of the head but
that's the thing when things aren't
scripted you have to have tons of
optionality and so all the time we have
really crazy stuff planned that never
happens because I can't force people to
do anything dude that would be amazing I
like putting tons of effort into stuff
that no one sees you don't cover it no
one's going to know that Lambo is rigged
with bombs people seem to really like
the one we did where we broke down the
edit funny cuz it's so simple and so
easy like the video that took like 20
minutes of my time ended up being like
one of the best BTS videos ever like
Ryan tryan if you did that with him that
would crush when I saw the um Den vuv do
the Dune breakdown yeah funny cuz I
watched that as well I love Denine I I
don't care about any movie director on
the planet besides him I watched every
BTS every breakdown video he ever did
then when you asked me I I remember
being like Oh I'm a huge fan of Dune and
it meant a lot to me to see the
director's thoughts on everything it was
actually really cool so when you that's
why I was so excited cuz I was like wait
a minute I want to create that moment
for my fans and then so it's like a
perfect storm Amazon give you full
creative control gam uh I mean there are
things we can or can't do like obviously
you know I can't show people smoking
cigarettes I can't throw someone off
there and kill so but these are things I
wouldn't have done anyway so in the
context of things I would have done yeah
I mean 99.9% of it they've been great
it's this is why I win with Amazon
because they're just letting us do what
we need to do to make a great show in
terms of like good content they're cool
with all of it all right let's do this
oh [__] I forgot I have to put this mic
on here can you step stand up here real
quick what do you guys think we're going
to do next we're going to pick a new
representative step forward if you want
to represent
everyone okay we have two we have three
I think you're starting to understand
how this game might work everyone but
three people
voted for 539 again already won lamb he
already won a
Lamborghini you've already want a Lambo
and they're putting you back in the hot
seat
what what 539 you know where the ladder
is let's do this oh good
job are you saying it's a Sandbox of
possibilities I'm just praying for the
most ideal for entertainment and today I
would say the most ideal for
entertainment happen to occur even
without the lambo
exploded people this is episode
seven audience is going to be way more
invested in them than a Lambo explosion
how's it been balancing being in front
of the camera as well as editing the
closer I am to Jimmy usually the most
ideal lons I can get out of them before
the edit oh so I have my fingers and
everything it's kind of to the benefit
of the other two and I'm like kind of
aware of what typically makes it
typically needs to be said what we end
up doing in voice over cuz we forget to
say and I can kind of manage and make
make sure those lines are have a higher
probability of getting out do you raise
your hand and say Jimmy I want to be in
front of the camera or did that just
happen naturally it kind of happened
naturally he asked me if I wanted to be
in that one video has it the one has a
contest the audience ended up liking me
a lot the one where you lost at the end
exactly tried again I lost again and
then went a third time and at that point
i' had been in so many videos it was
just sort of natural sort of a natural
EAS in I got lucky with that one I guess
do you ever think about your own channel
you've had some amazing videos on your
own as well do you ever want to go back
to doing that or
yeah it's just impossible to do with the
worklow of everything we got going on
here so but Jo can you fire up your
train no it's my call to make I got some
bangers that'll come out at some point
but right now this is I mean these are
the most viewed videos of all time
they're Super Bowl level views every
time we make a video this is you're
never going to get this much data learn
this much about Mass audiences make
content with this big of a budget here
so do you still talk to
Eric um we're friends
but be honest I don't talk to anyone
except the people in this like six seven
person Beast bubble just obsessing over
this constantly the Beast I got to go up
on that thing go get him
man
[Music]
right once again Aira I need you to look
on that platform and pick your three
least favorite people
907 that's my person 947 he didn't say
your number you're crying more than the
person he picked 990 I got $1,000 to my
name back at home I just lost my sister
to brain cancer last year my family's
going through some tough times holy
crap
351 oh
wao things just got super tense this one
actually has a Twist
359 can you please step
forward Akira is going to have to decide
between eliminating three people and
destroying his brand new Tesla or
eliminating his best friend that is
round two of the trolley problem is
choosing between saving his best friend
or keeping the Tesla and three people
that he doesn't care as much about I
think this is the moment where his
loyalty is going to be test it we'll see
what happens probably going to do the
yellow
tracks probably I'd be shocked why do
you say that uh cuz he seems to really
like that
guy um and he was just like constantly
Whispering over there like I love like
that's my best friend he's the reason
I'm here I just can't do it to him I
mean it's crazy the Tesla how much is a
Tesla worth that one's what probably 40
grand um yeah but he doesn't even
realize it but he also has $100,000 in
the trone it's 140 Grand plus he knocks
it down to where there's what 15 people
left so it gives them a much better
chance of $5 million or you turn down
140 Grand lower your odds of 5 million
just for your best friend this is the
Charlie problem are you ready we'll get
right back to the video but first I want
to say a quick thank you to Prime video
and the Beast team for having me on set
for 11 days as they filmed this show
make sure to watch all the full episodes
of Beast games on Prime video by
checking out the link below especially
now with Beast games becoming the most
watch unscripted show on Prime with 50
million viewers and Counting and let me
tell you having been on set all the way
till the end of the finale which I can't
wait to share even more behind the
scenes for as the episodes come out I'm
telling you things are just going to
keep getting crazier and crazier as The
Show Goes On so again check out the link
below to watch and support and now back
to the rest of this BTS video I'm ready
send the
train now or never three two we're going
to hit the Tesla we're going to hit the
Tesla
him that was cool D we just demolished
that
thing
oh he spared you oh my god wow nerve we
got a Target on us
now oh my God look at how close the car
got to ruining these $200,000 cameras
and the other thing that's crazy is that
nobody knew about this until Jimmy just
revealed there's
$100,000 extra that he totally missed
out
on you guys want to take it as a
souvenir
sure not saying no to that yeah no I
have no permission to give you a
souvenir loves this stuff so take
picture you should ask somebody before
you take that not me wait what happened
in this the car the train hit it it's
actually still
recording hilarious yeah the one got hit
by the train I think this was one that
was on the side and just got knocked off
but we'll watch the footage back and see
any of the more expensive cameras not
yet not yet you're waiting for it that
they went I went a little further than
we expected so how many cameras do we
have on set today let's see we have 43
cameras that are split between 16
handhelds and 19 uh tripod cameras and
then a number of what we call static
cameras that are just around the area so
probably around 6070 cameras total how
much worth of camera gear do you think
is right there right by the tracks 300K
300 and you're ready to just yeah if it
happens cuz those are loaded the ground
the shots are pretty amazing it feel
makes the train feel like it's
absolutely flying down the track so
they're in the danger zone for that
they're also the danger zone any debris
that flies off of the Train the worst
would happen the train derail not likely
we tested a bunch of T but if it did
those those would uh cameras wouldn't
make it
how has YouTube inspired what you're
doing now for this game show at a bigger
scale YouTube actually did more for me
than unscripted television like I
watched a lot of unscripted Television
that was kind of it's very formatted
very boring you watch Big Brother
Survivor I mean those are good shows but
they're formats and they're kind of
rigid but YouTube there's so many things
like you can do outside the box I
watched a lot of Mark Robert he was
giving me advice on this trolley problem
Vsauce was what inspired this specific
episode A lot of people are going to cry
so going be good really I that makes me
happy makes them sad but
they can't speak or think so I have to
go for mind and I'm like guys why do you
want to pick this person they're like oh
that's a good question the half of them
are blacked out right now they can't
even think it's so much money it's so
stressful like I've been in a video for
and I was like it's like you just lose
focus and you just forget what you're
doing it's CRA you need someone to
remind you like hey we thinking let's
take a step back yeah do you have a
worry about like if some wins something
they have no reaction and then it's not
great content 100% but part of the game
you know you basically just plan for it
so I have a plan for if someone doesn't
have a reaction I I'll facilitated by
having Carl or someone on S line to give
a reaction to them where it's like Carl
go oh my gosh and he'll interject the
line and a line on a line and it it
works it fills the emptiness but it's
you have to have like a backup or
everything cuz everyone's so Random like
those people up there if they weren't
arguing back and forth I would have been
in Jus here being like they're ignoring
them now been the Ry room where it's
like they didn't want to speak to him
and we cut to a shot of her turning
around like Kyle tell her to turn she
would turn around you know what I mean
and oh they're just ignoring and it's
like so turn her back turn her back so
it's just a different fear all depends
um and obviously we don't want to put
anything isn't true right my but
everyone feels something and so if those
three people were for whatever reason
like excited to beef which would get
stupid we would have roasted and they'
been like all three you want to leave
to5 million the WR a guys what do you
think about that and then they'd be like
goad I'm go their left and it a
different
emotion that's kind of
a for round three of the try problem
step forward if you want to represent
the group 865 has stepped forward again
you want to represent
539 once again wants to represent the
group if you would like to vote for
865 please stand behind
her and if You' like to vote for 539
again say behind
him oh we got two in the middle you want
him to run it back like rushing away or
do you want someone new up there don't
screw me over oh whoa we have a new
representative
865 I need you to look at that group of
people and pick two of them 539 539 all
right wa W I wonder why why him
we need one more person from that Podium
whoa his best friend too that is
insane the yellow track is not done yet
bring out the
surprise uh place it right behind these
two gentlemen right here underneath that
curtain is a mystery number that you
will not know it could be you it could
be any of those people over there and on
the red track her best friend 424 versus
these two gentlemen and a mystery
mannequin that could be you are you
ready yes yes all right send the
train yeah have the touch it she has
seconds goodbye it's
it's to the train
everyone hold up Max grab that mannequin
the mystery mannequin is the one of you
going home
[Music]
meest
me me onest me onest
to all of you have
fun how does this episode compare to the
other ones they're all crazy it's
like like the island episode was
phenomenal episode two was great in the
city on the towers this one's great I
mean literally every single episode like
the cube episode where they paired up
with their best friends and then they
didn't realize it but they had to go in
a cube one of them had to go I mean
they're all I I don't I I bro it's like
asking it's like having three babies and
being like which baby do you like the
most and they're all just like perfect
has there been any real time changes
with this episode again everybody back
here I mean everything has many changes
but not anything crazy because
everything has to be pre-approved
beforehand by legal and compliance so
it's like you know there are like a lot
of these we have option alties which are
things we have laid out before and we
just choose between um that and that are
pre-approved beforeand so it's like no
we're pretty like constrained like what
we go in planning to do is what we
usually have to do um because 5
million's on the line how many hours of
planning do you think went into this Sho
I mean you can look look across the set
me you can see at least uh what 100
people on set right now and how would
you compare that to a main channel oh
way more I mean when we were filming
episode one we had a th000 contestants
and then we had over 1,200 people on set
outside of the contestants there's 2200
people I've never had 1200 people
working on a shoot before I mean we had
cuz we on that first one we had like
1400 cameras so we had hundreds of
camera people we had hundreds of
production people we had hundreds of
people just to babysit the Thousand
contestants I mean it was
wild usually he's like if I say
someone's name he's like and says the
number or wait cuz I don't know who's
going to get picked and all they're best
friends so if you know when we had to do
the best friend stuff he would say their
number year it's like a lot of stuff
like that that way I don't have to pause
he has to run up and Whisper these shots
you guys are getting are sick some some
people talk to your camera cuz they
think you're a camera guy and I'm like
that's so funny it's not even BTS at
this point you're just filming a mini
show all right I'm heading up and then
there was 12 this next game is the last
one whoever is elected to represent you
will guaranteed move on step forward if
you would like immunity and to be the
representative wa 817
oh so those C so remember so far 830 who
turned down a million dollar and 380 who
also turned down a million dollar have
stepped forward 8:30 has been an ally
mine since day one 8:30 if I backtrack
she's the reason why why I'm here 8:30 I
trust her implicitly all right 830 come
on over here you officially have
immunity and are in the top 10
TRS my mustache I already know who I
want to pick
830 I need you to pick one person to go
on the yellow track and pick one person
to go on the red track for my first pick
380 380 oh why him because in my opinion
you can't scream about community and
loving each other when you're whispering
in the corners creating alliances so if
I have to pick who I trust I don't trust
you I really wasn't in any alliances I
bounced around sorry if I didn't spend
more time with you but I thought I did
we now need one of those people for the
red tracks 817
a17
wa I trust her you trust her I have
faith in her and now for the twist of
the game 380 and 817 are going to choose
who joins them on the track it's a tough
decision these guys are fantastic Jaz
would you take me the honor and join
me whoa
do know why' you pick her why'd you pick
697 because he thought I was close to
you yeah I thought we were both close
with you I had no idea that you know
there was no love all right 817 it's
your show what are you thinking I'm
going to pick
[Music]
who D the train
down pull that handle guys ton her pull
that handle
her left
hand pull it one she didn't pull it she
didn't touch it there it
go do know I respect you as a player but
I do not respect your last move bro you
were disingenuous like I told them down
there you you gave me a fist bump after
I set up was going down and you want to
say that you only steep down that you
didn't want her to step down you weren't
supposed to step down and you would have
been safe right now that's you that's
your karma if you would have took that
million dollars people could have
understood that nobody's going to
respect what you did here nobody that
was a rough way to go y you could have
got them to vote for you as a leader
that's crazy that you saved so many
though and they didn't vote for you on
several occasions I stepped up they
asked me to be Captain I represented and
that was the love I got back hey you
guys fought a good fight do you wish you
took that million now no it still wasn't
taking it at that time and day in that
moment I mean I would have stepped to
myself there's no way I could you know
face my grandkids you know papino being
a sellout so absolutely they were
Priceless you know they still are
Priceless they're Priceless if that time
tell they're Priceless today so respect
so definitely thank you guys yeah
[Music]
how many drones are on set at any given
time uh we today we had uh three DJI
Inspire 3s and um uh and we shot some
STV today so four
[Music]
four is it good to go bye guys yeah
you're clear thank you more content of
me and my girlfriend for no I was like I
don't want to interrupt them man I mean
that ended that that was a masterpiece I
don't care like when have you ever seen
anything like that on television I
haven't seen people turn on somebody
like that with youo yeah crazy you know
what's awesome is our boy over here is
filming the BTS so you can see that's
not scripted bro I could have write that
if I wanted
to what what what happens now shoot is
over like what what do you did you now
no I got to go do voiceover for my
YouTube video so voice over and then we
have a 2hour car ride back to set yeah
and then we're going to let them in the
city and then I don't know what tomorrow
schedule is yeah see what was the
hardest part of this like uh schedule
yeah how how's this wearing on you babe
I'm having so much fun I used to have to
do my assignments every single night and
then this would become like
a how can I put it an obstacle but now I
just get to sit here like a normal
person without any hle I mean within a
week I'll become bored and I'll need to
start working again on my own projects
but I'm still figuring out that's going
to hunch us though my little scientist
yes this is a real life science
experiment I mean that was very inter
trolley problem literally but with 5
million on the line did Jimmy ever run
ideas by you oh yeah half his ideas
didn't make it because it was this but
times 100 oh really yes a lot of times
though when I'm get home from work I
don't want to talk about I worked a few
times very hard together yes yeah he
told me about some of the ideas but they
didn't what's the next episode I have no
idea exactly he doesn't know either per
se that doesn't
mean I don't know you want to
know that was amazing to see him save so
many people and turn down a million
dollars and he wouldn't have been
eliminated a million dollars stay in he
gave them everything and then they just
turn on him like a pack of hyenas
like that's just wild man I couldn't
believe it I kept try like I mean the
audience is going to see that and be
like what the [__] are you guys doing
that was insane which is why I kept
reminding them cuz I wanted them to be
aware like the audience is going to be
like whoa whoa whoa whoa so I don't yeah
I don't know people on X are going to go
crazy after that what what happens to
the set now cliter what happens to the
set now uh we do what Jimmy doesn't want
to do which sucks which is we destroy it
it's not used by us anymore we should be
having sets keeping sets when people
like you come around he's show you these
actual sets you guys Toronto of all
places those hangers over there like
there's just nowhere else in the world
where you can get that many hangers that
big for this long cuz like yes there are
other places you can use but you can
only use them for a week we needed those
things for like [__] months to build
sets and tour and that kind of stuff so
it's like where can you get that many
hangers with that much space for that
long with all the office space with all
the parking with a field beside it to
build a city with this with that near an
airport etc etc so it's just like it
really is probably like
the only place on the planet we could
have filmed this are a lot of us filmed
here no because no one does what we
do like who else needs that many hangers
most of them could use one hanger half
the size like the The Hanger we did that
first set with the Thousand Platforms in
those thousand platforms were bigger
than wipe out um American Ninja Warrior
and like Jeopardy combined you could fit
all three in that hanger so it's like
and that was barely big enough to fit
one of our sets so that that's just why
we had to do this there's a TV show film
where we're at right now it's in one
hanger and then we have every other
single hanger so it's crazy to see like
a TV show all the office space and every
I mean it's it's like they built that
like airport for us really it's like it
could not be better for us so good but
so that's why we ended up doing it here
which because we're bouncing between the
hangers of the city so much the city had
to be built there but obviously in an
Ideal World I would have built the city
back in Greenville because we put
whatever I don't remember the exact
number somewhere between 10 to $1
million into that building that City and
in 30 days they'll be torn down do you
think there'll be a relationship between
people in your YouTube
channel uh challenges and the game show
what do you mean like like somebody who
does well there like somebody who
beloved on your YouTube channel will
they get a chance like gradu we're going
to be mixing them back and forth
although there just for Beast games
itself there's a ton of scrutiny on who
I could put in and blah blah blah so
they're all vetted like they can't be a
family member of me they can't be an
employee of me they can't be like even
like a family member of an employee
right like or yeah it's like there's a
long list of things we can't you know
for like to protect the um Integrity of
be games it's really high scrutiny um
yeah assuming it checks all those boxes
I'd love to have a lot of people from
the YouTube channel over like we did
this season do you think you'll bring
that same level of selection to the
YouTube channel moving forward um I mean
yeah I mean sometimes though like
honestly sometimes I just want to put a
friend in a video you know what I mean
like so it's like you know but when
you're competing for $5 million that's
just a different story you know like mac
he's my friend and I had him compete in
that those series and it's like I just I
don't know I kind of thought it was
funny I just want to film with them so
yeah some sometimes the screen is good
other times it's like I don't know it's
a little
Overkill um is it interesting having mac
as an editor on set giving you lines
that that may get imp post oh yeah I
mean that's the cheat code always have
an editor on Z cuz they they control
what's going to get cut so you might as
well just give them saying front in if
not you're just going to get a lot of
man I wish you said this I wish you did
this the video would have been better if
you did this but if you have them there
when you film it they can't complain cuz
they had
input would you ever want to be a
contestant with these games I would have
left she I can't she never will I was
accidentally once contested in a one
video with 100 girls and even then I
felt bad after I made it 24 hours it's
like what if I find something like a car
or something which is exactly what they
did and then people will think it was
fake
so uh I'd rather not I would love to be
a contesta I mean these guys have
everything they need taken care of them
they've been living in the city they've
been just like you never know what
you're going to do every day it's like I
mean like it really is like the
experience of a lifetime for these
people that make it really far it's like
20 days of just you don't know what's
going to happen but you know it's going
to be cool you know you're going to be
seen by 100 million people you know this
is going to break so many world records
history and every need you have is taken
care of you're disconnected from the
internet and it's just like you can go
ask any one of those 10 people I bet you
these last like 2 3 weeks have been you
know some of the top two three weeks of
their lives what um Freedom do they have
to make content do they they don't have
their phones but they have cameras or
yeah anytime they want to film we'll
film oh so and afterwards if they want
to make YouTube videos and put it out a
big thing that happened during the squid
game unscripted one is all the
contestants made Tik toks and it went
super viral so we'll probably send them
their uniforms and then they can just
you know do story times Tik toks
whatever they want that's cool
yeah yeah I feel like people now appear
on your channel and also these games and
launch their careers yeah 100%
especially these 10 people are going to
really know
them there's some good characters over
there and weirdly a lot of diversity I
me obviously we had no control over it
but it's it's pretty interesting that
it's not just like all big buff guys cuz
we have big buff guys or like short
people or tall people or male or woman
it's like it really is just like a mix
of of everything which is pretty
interesting to see cuz I think that
speaks to The Testament of how fair the
games were the fact that it isn't 10
really buff dudes or 10 women or 10
whatever it's like it's everyone shows
that anyone could have made it this far
Jimmy I heard this the Bell yeah yeah we
have a little uh little tust of every
time we do one of these we get somebody
to sign a train B easy I got you you
want me to sign right
[Music]
here awesome
go oh so you're racking focus on this
one yeah yeah no
[Music]